Alphonse: Prince of Askr,A prince of Askr and member of the Order of Heroes. Kind and serious, and eager to maintain peace.
Alphonse: Spring Prince,A prince of Askr who's kind and serious. He's taking part in the spring festival as a member of the Order of Heroes.
Alphonse: Askran Duo,Siblings who, together, represent Askr's future. They have come to participate in the celebration and to make a resolution to keep up their hard work in the coming year.
Alphonse: Uplifting Love,Prince of Askr, serious yet gentle. Participating in the Day of Devotion festival to display his affection for his people.
Sharena: Princess of Askr,A princess of Askr and Alfonse's sister. Cheerful and loves making friends—especially with Heroes.
Sharena: Spring Princess,Princess of Askr and Alfonse's younger sister. She cajoled her brother into participating in the Spring Festival with her.
Anna: Commander,A veteran fighter who leads the Order of Heroes. Alfonse and Sharena's commander.
Anna: Wealth-wisher,Commander of the Order of Heroes. Hatched a brilliant strategy for taking advantage of the new year in order to draw in customers.
Gustav: Majestic Love,-
Henriette: Overflowing Love,-
Bruno: Masked Hare,-
Veronica: Brave Princess,-
Veronica: Spring Princess,-
Veronica: Harmonic Pirates,-
Veronica: Bestowed Love,-
Fjorm: Princess of Ice,-
Fjorm: New Traditions,-
Fjorm: Bride of Rime,-
Gunnthra: Voice of Dreams,-
Gunnthra: Year's First Dream,-
Gunnthra: Beaming Smile,-
Hrid: Icy Blade,-
Hrid: Resolute Prince,-
Ylgr: Fresh Snowfall,-
Ylgr: Breaking the Ice,-
z,What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.